very important to discharge the high voltage
of the pacifier on the televisions before
perform a repair and disconnect from
the electrical network
the problem that this television presents
of the brand sylvania is that it does not tune in
the channels there are problems so that
grab the cable signal then let's go
to look for him to see what the problem is
and look for the problem and also look for the
solution waiting for this video then
be useful in case you find
the problem
the problem that this television presents
of the brand sylvania is the following the
TV turns on
but they do not respond
the keys to change the volume
changing channels only works on
power button and menu button
but here if I want to increase in volume
because there is no signal nor for the
channels I will check to see what is the
problem to share
the problem that the television has here
I'm going to show you the conditions of
dirt in which this TV is
of the brand silvania
these are the conditions in which
This TV
let's see if we can solve the
problem
it's time to wash the card with water
pressure and leave it in the sun for 3 or 4 hours
it has to be the super super sun
hot so it is very dry and not
there is no problem this work has
done many times and it works 100% if
have one the proper precautions
I also removed the Tunisia antenna for
Do not get wet, I'm done from here
test all the buttons
they are all giving me what they are in
short but this does not mean that all
so bad but with one that is wrong or
short is causing the problem in
all and that is the reason why I can not
increase in volume or decrease in volume and
change channels here last will
hear how it sounds kill the alarm when not
I should whistle when it 's so good
must whistle
you just have to whistle until you
press the button then I will remove
the poles because there has to be one
among all that is bad and is
causing the problem
after reviewing the entire button
I found that all the buttons are
well then I got here to change the
tunisia antenna
which is pretty
rusty and I put here a be in
better conditions
waiting for that to be the problem
Once the problem is the tunnel that was
causing as a cord the one that does not
will change the channels then
since I changed this if you follow the same
problem then the problem is this
integrated
at this point and the card is fine
close it's time to install it and try
the television let's see the difference
this tunnel antenna is already very run with
much corrosion while it is
it is sanita
and this what we are going to put
Well, let's see how he behaves
this TV to see if it already works a
once we change another
and another thunder antenna in better
conditions it seems that if he had wet
they wet it and it was rusted and
the parts were damaged
internally then let's hope that with
this new antenna you no longer work
once I changed the tunnel antenna
new the television and it has changed well
channel
things that I did not do before
a was left working
Well, here it is already repaired to another
TV brand and the Silván
Model no I'll leave you in the
video description
I had a problem that I did not tune in
well the channels
the problem is that
it was damaged
the antenna box was damaged
tunnel it seems that on some occasion
He dipped do not know how the thing was
thing that I had pretty well-known him
I changed another
another box was from another one of others
modern television but this
just guide me by the amount of
legs and the measure and was
exactly and it worked it worked
perfectly then here we have the
this one of the sylvania brand
working 100% greetings friends of
part of your young friend to cable 1 do not know
forget to like videos
Greetings friends on behalf of your friend from
bow speak one do not forget to give it
like to the video so that more people
can watch these videos and that way
as the channel grows and I can
keep climbing more videos were
pending until the next video only 2